Traversy Media

HTMLcheatsheet:
HTML Crash Course for Absolute Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UB1O30fR-EE&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=1

CSScrashcourse:
CSS Crash Course For Absolute Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfoY53QXEnI&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=2

responsive:
Build an HTML5 Website With a Responsive Layout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wm6CUkswsNw&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=3

mytunes_landing:
Responsive Landing Page Using HTML & CSS (a little jQuery)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJXXf3_dcng&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=4

elegant_blur_landing:
HTML & CSS Easy Elegant Landing Page With Blur Effect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZv8YHYUHTU&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=5

responsive_photography:
Build a Responsive, Mobile-First Website - HTML5 & CSS3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsEnj-1hG2o&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=6

cssgrid:
CSS Grid Layout Crash Course:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jV8B24rSN5o&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=7

flexbox:
Flexbox CSS in 20 Minutes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJSoEo8JSnc&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=8

easy_landing:
Easy Fullscreen Landing Page with HTML & CSS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVdTQWASliE&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=9

responsive_navbar:
Responsive Navigation Bar Tutorial / HTML CSS JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXkqy0b4M5g

sluralpright:
Pluralsight Login Page Clone - HTML & CSS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIx1O5Y5EB4&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=10

sliding_signinup:
Sliding Sign In & Sign Up Form
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUdo6w87rh4&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=11
https://www.florin-pop.com/blog/2019/03/double-slider-sign-in-up-form/
https://codepen.io/FlorinPop17/pen/vPKWjd

hamburgermenu_overlay:
Pure CSS Hamburger Menu & Overlay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZg6UfS5zYg&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=12
https://codepen.io/bradtraversy/pen/vMGBjQ

fullscreen_video:
Fullscreen Video Background With HTML & CSS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy3GlrddZFI&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=13
https://codepen.io/bradtraversy/pen/pWpRom
https://www.videvo.net

parallax_website:
Basic Parallax Website With HTML & CSS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JttTcnidSdQ&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=14

bootstrap:
Bootstrap Beginner Crash Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GcQtLDGXy8&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=15
https://getbootstrap.com/
9 HOUR BOOTSTRAP 4 COURSE W/5 PROJECTS:
https://www.udemy.com/bootstrap-4-from-scratch-with-5-projects/?couponCode=YOU_TUBE
BUILD AN ADMIN THEME VIDEO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXbEcGUtHgo
10 PROJECT BOOTSTRAP COURSE:
https://www.eduonix.com/courses/Web-Development/Learn-Bootstrap-Development-By-Building-10-Projects

adminstrap_theme:
Build a CMS Admin Bootstrap Theme From Scratch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXbEcGUtHgo&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=16

CSS text background animation:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lX5LZTWc4f8&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=18

CSS pricing tables:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rJ5rhdVvOo&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=19

responsivesidemenu:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpGNFGqNfdU&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=20

Animated counter:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6XIMIKmj9k
https://codepen.io/bradtraversy/pen/poJwqOK

CSS variables:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQUB039MG0I&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=21
https://codepen.io/bradtraversy/pen/VyPNOr

CSS Loaders:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwhTKJFpKSw&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=22
https://codepen.io/bradtraversy/pen/Xwxvzp

responsiveform with firebase:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sb5qOa3R4hY&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=24
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PP4Tr0l08NE

techscroll:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePgnR4gHIi4&list=PLillGF-RfqbZTASqIqdvm1R5mLrQq79CU&index=25
https://github.com/jlmakes/scrollreveal